Job admin release note (#7185)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

Release notes are grouped by month for both multi-tenant and virtual private cloud (VPC) environments.

## April 2025

> - **Behavior change**: Users assigned the [`job admin` permission set](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions#job-admin) now have access to set up integrations for projects, including the [Tableau](/docs/cloud-integrations/semantic-layer/tableau) lineage integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Behavior change**: Users assigned the [`job admin` permission set](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions#job-admin) now have access to set up integrations for projects, including the [Tableau](/docs/cloud-integrations/downstream-exposures-tableau) integration to populate downstream exposures.
```
